#Week 5 | Showtime

We started off this week by sharing some rough cuts of our films we had been working on! It was really great to see everyone’s progress and to see all the different virtual worlds people had to work in. There was a great range of creative interpretations from using cinematic camera angle, detailed scenes and music to portray their groups interpretation of the book. Our groups outcome was slightly rushed towards the end however the outcome was still well put together! Thanks Wholesome Animal Crossing Squad! 

This week we were also asked to pick a text from Karen and Andy’s Archive to analyse and attempt to summarise The one I picked was “The Postmodern Condition: A report on Knowledge” written by Jean-Francois Lyotard a French philosopher. It was a deeper read that required multiple passes and dissection but to summarise, the text talks about the hypothesis that knowledge is altered by what is known as post-industrial age or postmodern age. It is a concept that measures a countries technological measure through their advances and level of development/progression. How does this have to relate to electronic literature you might ask? Thinking about Lyotard’s hypothesis, a similar progression would be the stages of civilization. That the advancement of humanity has been recorded but future is yet to be understood. It our current day and age, technology seems the most probable way we continue to advance. Lyotard continues to talk about the goals of exchanging information with two positions of the “User” and the “knower”. That as humans learn from others, they can also begin to teach and complete this cycle of exchange. However, as we continue to move towards an AI learning, it begs the question that will this be a breakthrough in the way we continue to advance into a new age or will it bring upon something that divides humans from machines. 
